tfx/examples/penguin/experimental/README.md, before:

# Penguin Classification Scikit-learn Example

Expanded the penguin example pipeline with instructions for using
[scikit-learn](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/) in addition to TensorFlow/Keras
to write and train the model. The support for scikit-learn in TFX is still
experimental.

## Instructions

Clone the tfx repo to the home directory and copy the penguin directory from the
tfx source to the home directory.

<pre class="devsite-terminal devsite-click-to-copy">
git clone https://github.com/tensorflow/tfx ~/tfx-source && pushd ~/tfx-source
cp -r ~/tfx-source/tfx/examples/penguin ~/
</pre>

Next, create a Python 3 virtual environment for this example and activate the
`virtualenv`:

<pre class="devsite-terminal devsite-click-to-copy">
virtualenv -p python3.7 penguin
source ./penguin/bin/activate
</pre>

Then, install the dependencies required by the Penguin example:

<pre class="devsite-terminal devsite-click-to-copy">
pip install -U tfx[examples]
</pre>

### Local Example
Execute the pipeline python file. Output can be found at `~/tfx`:

<pre class="devsite-terminal devsite-click-to-copy">
python ~/penguin/experimental/penguin_pipeline_sklearn_local.py
</pre>

### GCP Example
This example uses a custom container image instead of the default TFX ones found
[here](gcr.io/tfx-oss-public/tfx). This custom container ensures the proper
version of scikit-learn is installed. Run the following commands to build this
image and upload it to Google Container Registry (GCR).

<pre class="devsite-terminal devsite-click-to-copy">
gcloud auth configure-docker
docker build \
  --tag tfx-example-sklearn \
  --build-arg TFX_VERSION=$(python -c 'import tfx; print(tfx.__version__)') \
  .
docker tag tfx-example-sklearn gcr.io/[PROJECT-ID]/tfx-example-sklearn
docker push gcr.io/[PROJECT-ID]/tfx-example-sklearn
</pre>

Note that the custom container extends an official TFX container image based on
the local TFX version. If an unreleased version of TFX is being used
(e.g. installing from HEAD), `Dockerfile` may need to be modified to install the
unreleased version.

Set the project id and bucket in `penguin_pipeline_sklearn_gcp.py`. Then, run the
following commands to copy the `~/penguin` directory to GCS and execute the
pipeline python file. Output can be found at `[BUCKET]/tfx` and metadata will
be stored in `~/tfx`:

<pre class="devsite-terminal devsite-click-to-copy">
vi ~/penguin/experimental/penguin_pipeline_sklearn_gcp.py
gsutil cp -r ~/penguin/data gs://[BUCKET]/penguin
gsutil cp -r ~/penguin/experimental gs://[BUCKET]/penguin
python ~/penguin/experimental/penguin_pipeline_sklearn_gcp.py
</pre>

Note that `gsutil cp -r ~/penguin/experimental gs://[BUCKET]/penguin` will need to be
run every time updates are made to `penguin_pipeline_sklearn_gcp.py`.

Commit message:

Update the scikit-learn GCP example to use the KFP runner instead of the local beam runner.
PiperOrigin-RevId: 364964686

tfx/examples/penguin/experimental/README.md, after:

# Penguin Classification Scikit-learn Example

Expanded the penguin example pipeline with instructions for using
[scikit-learn](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/) in addition to TensorFlow/Keras
to write and train the model. The support for scikit-learn in TFX is still
experimental.

## Instructions

Clone the tfx repo to the home directory and copy the penguin directory from the
tfx source to the home directory.

<pre class="devsite-terminal devsite-click-to-copy">
git clone https://github.com/tensorflow/tfx ~/tfx-source && pushd ~/tfx-source
cp -r ~/tfx-source/tfx/examples/penguin ~/
</pre>

Next, create a Python 3 virtual environment for this example and activate the
`virtualenv`:

<pre class="devsite-terminal devsite-click-to-copy">
virtualenv -p python3.7 penguin
source ./penguin/bin/activate
</pre>

Then, install the dependencies required by the Penguin example:

<pre class="devsite-terminal devsite-click-to-copy">
pip install -U tfx[examples]
</pre>

### Local Example
Execute the pipeline python file. Output can be found at `~/tfx`:

<pre class="devsite-terminal devsite-click-to-copy">
python ~/penguin/experimental/penguin_pipeline_sklearn_local.py
</pre>

### GCP Example
This example uses a custom container image instead of the default TFX ones found
[here](gcr.io/tfx-oss-public/tfx). This custom container ensures the proper
version of scikit-learn is installed. Run the following commands to build this
image and upload it to Google Container Registry (GCR).

<pre class="devsite-terminal devsite-click-to-copy">
gcloud auth configure-docker
docker build \
  --tag tfx-example-sklearn \
  --build-arg TFX_VERSION=$(python -c 'import tfx; print(tfx.__version__)') \
  .
docker tag tfx-example-sklearn gcr.io/[PROJECT-ID]/tfx-example-sklearn
docker push gcr.io/[PROJECT-ID]/tfx-example-sklearn
</pre>

Note that the custom container extends an official TFX container image based on
the local TFX version. If an unreleased version of TFX is being used
(e.g. installing from HEAD), `Dockerfile` may need to be modified to install the
unreleased version.

Set the project id and bucket in `penguin_pipeline_sklearn_gcp.py`. Then, run
the following commands to copy the `~/penguin` directory to GCS and execute the
pipeline python file. Output can be found at `[BUCKET]/tfx`.

<pre class="devsite-terminal devsite-click-to-copy">
vi ~/penguin/experimental/penguin_pipeline_sklearn_gcp.py
gsutil cp -r ~/penguin/data gs://[BUCKET]/penguin
gsutil cp -r ~/penguin/experimental gs://[BUCKET]/penguin

pip install kfp
tfx pipeline create \
  --engine kubeflow \
  --pipeline-path penguin_pipeline_sklearn_gcp.py \
  --endpoint my-gcp-endpoint.pipelines.googleusercontent.com
</pre>

Note that `gsutil cp -r ~/penguin/experimental gs://[BUCKET]/penguin` will need
to be run every time updates are made to `penguin_pipeline_sklearn_gcp.py`.
Additionally, subsequent pipeline deployments should use `tfx pipeline update`
instead of `tfx pipeline create`.
